Update README.md (#88)
dnanexus/dxfuse: README.md

A filesystem that allows users access to the DNAnexus storage system.

> **NOTE: This project is designed for read-only use in the DNAnexus worker environment. Any other environment or use such as -limitedWrite can be considered in beta**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE: This project is designed for read-only use in the DNAnexus worker environment. Use in any other environment (such as macOS or Linux clients) or use of `-limitedWrite` is in beta**
```
